MUMT301-2021 Assignment 1
Rebecca Lee
Sept 20, 2021
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?

	For programming languages, I know the basics of Python and Java.

2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)?

	My primary computer operating system is MacOS.

3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices?

	I own a smartphone and a tablet.  My favourite OS for mobile devices is Android. 
	However, for tablets, I much prefer iOS because of its efficiency when working with a Mac for a laptop.

4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?

	Social networking services that I use are Skype, Facebook, Messenger, Snapchat, Discord, Whatsapp. 
	I use them because they are convenient ways of communicating with others.  The various platforms are for the various type and age groups of people that use different platforms.

5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP: Hypertext Transfer Protocol; HTTP is an application protocol for various media and information systems that gives users the ability
       to communicate data online and across the world through the web (World Wide Web).
  
    REST: Representational State Transfer; REST is a large-scale network software that benefits from the various technologies and protocols of the World Wide Web.
       It is based on how data structure/objects and resources and be distributed and adressed.  It also stresses on its ease to exchange information and its scalability.

    API: Application Programming Interface; API's primary function is to simplify software development through its ability for data and functionlity to
       be exhanged noth easily and securely.  API allows for users to be able to easily comminucate with other services and software programs.

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have?

	I can play a few musical instruments and sing.
	   Piano: played for 16 years, did RCM exams and other competitions
	   Organ: current major, played for ~5 years, did competitions
	   Euphonium/Baritone: played in highschool band for 4 years
	   Can also play trombone and sing.

7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?

	Yes, I can read music notation.  I believe that I am proficient at reading music notation in the trele and bass clefs, and can read alto and tenor clefs at a much slower speed.

8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?

	I believe that my personal music collection is on the small side.
	   Playlists: ~15
	   Artists: ~100
	   Albums: 200+
	   Songs: ~1000 (or more)

9. How do you search and find new music?
	
	To search and find new music, I often ask friends for recommendation for new pieces to listen to.
	Other ways that I find music, would be to look through various syllabi for instruments and listen to the pieces that
	are listed there.  If I am listening to music on YouTube, I can also look at the suggestions and recommendations
	of the next piece or playlist of music to play.  I have also come to realized that being in various ensembles have also helped broaden my scope of music and allows for me to find music through those ensembles too.	

11. Are you aware of any ways in which artists are dealing with public performances post-COVID? Do you think live performances are essential to your musical experience?

	Although I am not particularly aware of ways in which artists are dealing with public performances post-COVID. 
	As a musician myself, I know that for public performances, they are often live-streamed or recorded and premiered at a later date for the audience to enjoy.
	Personally, I believe that live performances are essential to my musical experience, both as a performer and a listener.
	I feel that live performances creates a better ambience and experience for the listener. Live performances are also more enjoyable for the perfomer too,
	as live performances allow for the performer to more easily interact with the audience and to thoroughly enjoy performing.
	

12. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
	
	Claude Debussy: Debussy's music is often in a realm of its own. I love how its expressivity, colours and ambience often always reflects 
	   the title of the piece or gives a whimsical sense.  I also find Debussy's incorporation of scales, folk tunes, cultures, and traditions of 
	   other countries to be effective in generating a unique distinction of Debussy's pieces from other Impressionistic composers.  His mix of 
	   blues and sometimes jazz also gives a certain degree of familiarity and catchiness to some of his more playful and fun pieces.
	J.S. Bach: Although Bach's music is often quite dificult to play and perform due to its complex counterpoint, it is also the counterpoint and harmonies that I find interesting in Bach's
	   music.  For example, in his fugues, he starts off with the initial subject in one of the voices.  It is then expanded and altered to "answer" the subject in a different voice.
	   All the while, the other voices have a second melody or harmonic progressions that fit in perfectly well with the "answer".  Basically, not only does Bach's music sound very good melodically,
	   the richness and complexities of the harmonies also enhance the piece and it is the harmonies and counterpoint that draws me to his music.
 
